PortLog.txt: exact match of IP addresses (#3690)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Reference/Skyline_DataMiner_Folder/More_information_on_certain_files_and_folders/PortLog_txt.md

>
> - Although the local DataMiner port is optional, each line must contain three colons (":").
> - Logging is started when the port in question is initialized, i.e. when the element is restarted or when the IP address or the IP port of the element is changed.

> > - The IP addresses provided in the PortLog.txt file must match **exactly** with those provided in the element port settings. For example, using `localhost` and `127.0.0.1` in combination with each other will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The IP addresses provided in the PortLog.txt file must match **exactly** with those provided in the element editor. For example, using `localhost` and `127.0.0.1` in combination with each other will not work.
```
